It seems that without self cycle there are a lot of problems due to nodes with low depth doesn't tagged because they have been tagged in last time stamp during the propagate up process. In the current propagate up, when the propagate up process get to these nodes while propageting up from sequential edge of the last tagged node they are already tagged with t-1 so the algo mark them as ilegal self cycle.

Solution: For each node we will set a self cycle limitation based on its children's biggest self cycle limitation. The limit of the leaves will be 1 and for each node above them we will calulate how many nodes there are under it, include sequential and decomposing nodes. 


Could be a situation where in the same PL some of the node would have a self cycle and some wouldn't?





Hsq with interleaving is a pretty mess. The algorythm needs to understand where the interrupting behavior start and end and dill with it as individual task. Then it will manage the remaining tags and regard them as sequentail tags and dill with them as another individual task.

How can the algo find where the interrupting behavior start and end? It wil be a stupid way is to run over every possible linear subset of the pathNodes and trying to dill with it and with the rest tags as separate task. In case that both parts are correct paths return them as two Hsq's.

solution: decrease the problem by noticing that only pathNode who has a node in the HSQ graph that does not reach the known ends can be a start of the interrupting behavior.
(Notice, we are looking for a start(A first Child node). By looking on the building process of the HSQ graph, every first child node has a node in the HSQ graph.    So, pathNodes who doesn't have a node in the HSQ graph can not be this start. In addition, a node in the HSQ graph that reaches a known end is the start or part of this end's path. So, a node in the HSQ graph that reaches the known ends can not be a start of the interrupting behavior.)

Now, when we have the suspect starts, we need to find the interrupting behavior's body.
The nodes that we marked as the suspect starts are the HSQ nodes that does not reach the known ends.
We need to prove whether there is a interrupting behavior's body's node who is not a suspect start.
The suapect starts are every node HSQ nodes that does not reach the known ends, including sequentials connections.
We ignore starts overs and looking for continious behavior. Therefore, the body nodes set must be part of the suspect starts set.

Now, after we notice that, we decrease the interrupting behavior's start's set to be only nodes who are a first child. These will be our starts.


